Go-Avenger!
Heroes of the Gamma War!
Long ago, there was an age of heroes,
when the Avengers
kept the forces of darkness at bay.
Until, consumed by his fury,
the Hulk unleashed terrors
the likes of which
the world had never known.
Their sole purpose?
To destroy!
In humanity's darkest hour,
the Iron Man found inspiration in an idea.
No!
Oh, come on, Avengers, don't fail me now.
Mom! The Internet's not working!
Didn't you reboot the modem?
I'm trying to watch that old show.
What? Mom, what's going on?
Time.
Space.
Reality.
It's more than a linear path.
It's a prism of endless possibility,
where a single choice
can branch out into infinite realities,
creating alternate worlds
from the ones you know.
I am the Watcher.
I am your guide
through these vast new realities.
Follow me and ponder the question...
"What if?"
Big things have small beginnings.
So let me take you back
to the dawn of the Gamma War,
- which all began with a friendship.
- Oh, God.
Who likes doing this?
On your left.
Yep, you're good, buddy. Okay.
Hey, you're doin' all right?
'Cause you're looking a little...
Oh, wait, let me guess.
Green?
- Sam Wilson.
- Dr. Bruce Banner.
- Yeah, I kinda put that together.
- Uh-huh?
Looked like you were
really pushin' it out there.
I mean, yeah.
I--I read somewhere that cardio
is a good stress reliever.
I've been trying everything lately.
Yoga, knitting...
...cooking shows. But I mean--
You ever just try
talkin' to someone?
Huh?
Sam Wilson sought to help
the brilliant doctor
with a field of science
far different from his own.
The rage isn't even the worst part
when he takes over.
Therapy.
It's the fear.
The fear I see in everyone else's eyes.
And how does that make you feel?
Lonely.
Because if I'm being honest,
I'm just as scared of myself
as they are of me.
Well, look around you.
Ain't no one's afraid of you here, Bruce.
Sam Wilson knew
he had a responsibility
to Banner as his counselor.
But in that moment,
he saw a man struggling
and felt he could do more to help him
as a friend.
I like this. This is a great boat, man.
Throw me another brew, would ya?
But there are some forces
of nature that cannot be controlled.
Sam, come on!
Gotta secure the lines!
- Tie that--
- Look out!
Bruce.
Bruce, no!
Bruce, come on, man.
It's me. It's Sam.
It turns out
there was still one side of Banner...
No, no, no, Bruce!
...he didn't want
his friend to see.
So he took matters into his own hands.
Gamma put this monster in me,
I've gotta believe it could take it out.
Unfortunately,
things didn't pan out
the way Dr. Banner had planned.
And in trying to expel the beast within,
Bruce Banner created
a whole new monster...
...and set it free.
Forged in Gamma
and unrestrained by Banner's conscience,
the threat grew in size and number
as this Apex and his legions
rampaged across the globe.
- Look out!
- Pull up! Pull up!
With everything at stake,
the Avengers realized
that to fight these bigger, meaner Hulks,
they would need bigger,
meaner Hulk-Busters.
And so,
Earth's mightiest heroes fought...
and fell.
And in their sacrifice,
inspired the surviving heroes
to finish the fight.
They chased the last of the monsters
to the end of the world.
Until there was nothing left of them.
Or so it was believed.
Of course, issues left unresolved
rarely stay buried for long.
This is
the worst-case scenario, folks.
At 1100 hours,
Chicago and a dozen other major cities
were attacked by Gamma Beasts.
And more are emerging every hour.
Captain Rambeau?
This could be a wave triple the size
of the one we faced in the old Gamma War.
Yeah. And that one took out
all the Avengers.
So, if anyone ordered a death wish--
Argh! These Gamma grunts try to set foot
in Mother Russia,
but one face-off with the Red Guardian--
Can you really call it a face-off
when you just ran away?
I was luring the beasts
- away from civilians.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Like hero!
- Okay.
The point is,
there's more of them this time, okay?
But where are these beasts
even coming from?
Our satellites are picking up
a Gamma signature in the Arctic
with the same isotopic fingerprint
as the original Apex beast.
We need to get Bruce Banner on this.
No.
Sore subject. Noted.
- Sam--
- We know how to win this war.
We've done it before.
Monica and I will head to the Arctic
and cut this thing off at the knees.
Small note. I would go for head.
Much more final.
Now, the rest of you,
focus on holding your territories.
Barnes, you have the conn.
Start prepping your mech, Rambeau.
We're wheels-up within the hour.
Bucky, we won the last war
by the skin of our teeth.
You do not get that lucky twice.
You really think Banner's a better bet?
I mean, this all started with him.
Maybe he can finish it.
See what you can find.
I saw on some cartoon
he lives in a lair
in the center of an active volcano.
Get to it.
The show's pretty great.
Cap, confirming the Gamma
signature. It's massive.
Then I guess we're here.
This place is a ghost town.
The sensors say
the Gamma spike is right here.
Monica, look out!
I guess we just found the spike.
Oh, yeah, you want some?
I'm thinkin' big guns.
Oh, yeah. I'm thinking very big guns.
Whoa! What'd you just fire? A nuke?
Well, that's not me.
Something else is happening.
Monica, you seein' what I'm seein'?
It's worse than we thought.
There's thousands of them.
The Apex.
- They're listening to him.
- And awaiting orders.
This isn't an infestation.
It's an invasion.
Bucky, you got news for me?
Officially,
Banner's location doesn't even exist.
But I found it anyway.
- A black site?
- Abandoned,
but something there
must have caught his interest.
Mmm.
Then, I guess I'm on deck.
Sam?
We gotta get ourselves back in the sky.
So we can just get our asses handed to us
all over again?
- Stop playing.
- You know who we need.
Again with this.
Look, he's the one
who got us into this mess.
What I don't understand is why you seem
more scared of Bruce Banner
than you are of those Gamma Beasts.
There was a time
when he was your friend, Sam.
And look how that turned out.
For everybody.
You tried to help him. It didn't take.
But now, like it or not,
the two of you talking
is the only thing standing
between us and the end of the world.
- I don't even know where he is.
- Hmm.
Then it's a good thing I had Barnes
go behind your back to find out.
You didn't.
Oh, I did.
Coordinates will be loaded to your onboard AI.
Just make sure
you don't come back without a souvenir.
Yeah, no promises.
Bruce?
Who were you expecting, Sam?
A monster?
Well, here we are.
Bit of a fixer-upper, but I call it home.
A nuclear combat bomber? Really?
Yeah. I don't know.
An abandoned government pet project
somehow felt like the right fit.
Hmm.
And the leftovers
made for a half-decent lab.
Right.
Uh, is that a nuke?
Sam, it's inactive. Don't worry.
Banner. Nukes. I love it.
I'm gonna guess you didn't come
all this way for my little science fair.
Yeah, I'm afraid not.
What is it this time?
Aliens? Spooky wizards? Evil gods?
- A new Apex has risen.
- What?
Now, just hear me out--
No, no, no.
What do you mean, "No"?
It's been years
since I've had an incident.
I can't throw all that work away.
The Apex's legions are thousands-strong.
I don't know if we can take this guy down,
not without a Gamma Beast of our own
in the fight.
I--I can't do it, Sam.
Not like that.
Bruce, come on, man. We're talking
about the end of the world here.
We need you.
No, Sam.
What you need is this.
And what is this?
It's a plug-in I wrote
for the mech's interface.
What?
I call it the Mighty Avenger Protocol.
- Whoa.
- Yeah.
Use it against the Apex
and you should have a fighting chance.
So that's it, huh?
The rest of the world gets to fight
your monsters
while you just hide in fear?
Fear?
What do you know about fear, Sam?
About being a threat.
A living force of destruction.
I know you can't get past the things
that scare you
if you don't face them.
Why do you think I built this protocol?
You built it to use against yourself?
I built it to protect everyone
from a monster no one can control.
Look, I've never seen a monster
when I look at you, Bruce.
I've only ever seen my friend.
I guess I hoped if you faced this thing,
then maybe you'd see what I see, too.
Talk to me, Cap.
I think I've done enough talkin'
for one day. Thank you.
Then I take it Bruce isn't coming?
No. We're on our own.
Not entirely.
The team and I are tracking the Apex
and his herd to New York.
They're gonna make landfall any minute.
Banner did give me
something to work with.
- "The Mighty Avenger Protocol"?
- Banner built this?
Great, 'cause none
of his science experiments
have ever gone sideways.
A weapon this complex
has never been field-tested.
How do we know he hasn't gone
full Colonel Kurtz in his volcano?
Yeah, even if he hasn't,
if we run this op and we all go down,
the world will be left defenseless.
But this is the shot we have.
We may not get another one.
Well, then we better take it soon.
Because the invasion has already begun.
Wait for me!
We're out of time. We've gotta go.
We've got to go.
Roger that, Agent.
We'll take it from here.
- So many.
- Everyone, spread out.
We need to hold them at the harbor
until Sam gets here.
Take that!
There's too many of them.
Sam? We could sure use
that Hail Mary right about now.
Actually, Rambeau,
this play is more of a blitz.
Whoo-hoo!
Yeah!
On my mark.
Avenger, assemble.
Avengers!
If Colonel Dreykov could see us now.
Mmm-hmm.
Okay, Mr. Banner.
Engines clocking at 1000%.
Let's go.
Incredible.
All our operating systems are integrated.
This is great.
All systems green, Cap.
Oh, we're good to go.
Whoo-hoo!
Not bad for a bucket of bolts.
The whole world is watching, people.
Let's finish it this time.
Here they come.
Fire at will.
Take that!
Oh, yeah, you want some?
Yeah!
Okay, Mighty Avenger!
Yeah. Teamwork. Who knew?
Oh. Banner made the interface
pretty user-friendly.
I'll give him that.
Second wave's comin'.
Let's open up a six pack of whoop-ass.
- Let's do this!
- Whoo!
Oh, Banner, I love you, man!
Anyone have eyes on the Apex?
On our six.
Don't give him time to think.
Let's take him out.
- Hit him harder!
- Don't let up!
Give it everything you got!
Yeah, we're trying, Cap,
but it's not closing the deal.
No, no, no!
His Gamma readings are spiking.
Come on, people. We gotta get up.
We didn't come here to lose today.
Yeah, not gonna happen.
All systems critical.
Uh, Cap?
There's something in the sky.
How's that possible?
We don't have any mechs left.
No, it's not a mech. It's a...
It's a...
On your left, Cap.
- Bruce?
- Hah!
Yeah.
Thought you might need something
that packed a bigger punch.
So I gave the bomb an upgrade,
- a fresh Gamma core.
- What?
No. He can't release
all that energy over the city.
He's not. He's going to take it all in.
He's going Gamma critical.
Whoa, whoa, that--that's too much power.
He may never come back from it.
Bruce, there are other ways.
You don't wanna do this.
You know what's funny? I do.
Bruce!
It's okay, Sam.
For the first time in a long time,
I'm not afraid.
Bruce! Oh, sh--
It appears the smaller ones
are watching the fight.
To see who comes out on top.
That's why he nuked himself.
Not just to kill the Apex, to replace him.
We gotta give him a hand.
Big guns, right?
It looks like we have a new Apex.
Mega-Hulk.
Nope. No, thank you.
Khonshu says light him up!
Avenger Team, stand down! Stand down!
Are you kidding me?
We've got a giant Mega-Hulk inbound.
I said, stand down.
- Cap, what are you doing?
- It's not Bruce in there.
Sam! He's off his rocker.
The man wants to have tea with Lenin.
Sam, are you sure about this?
It's like you said, Monica.
He and I talking
is all that stands between us
and the end of the world.
Hey!
Over here! Bruce, come on!
What do you say, Bruce?
It's me, Sam.
Oh, Bruce, come on, man.
Hey, it's just us. Take it easy.
I know you've always been scared
that everyone just sees you as a monster.
But from where I'm standin',
all I see now is a friend.
And I'd bet my life
that you still see one, too.
Banner.
I'm sorry, Sam. I know he was your friend.
He still is.
Big things have small beginnings.
Even the way a person sees themselves
can change their lives
and the fate of the entire world.
But in humanity's darkest hour,
sometimes the greatest heroes
are the friends who accept us
for who we really are.